this place makes the Bermuda Triangle
look like a kiddie pool they say out
here is where the ocean burns we're here
right we have paid me to bring you
question is why I'm looking for a car
mater's fitting it funky
how'd you like to come and see the world
with me you made it
[Music]
international passengers must drive
through security
Grand Prix three races two continents
but only one winner
cacao there's an American liaison under
deep cover these Americans are clearly
master spies
[Music]
but we need your help mater you bet it
is the popemobile Catholic no one can
stop us friendships can be dangerous in
our line of work mater
I'm sticking butter years away you
always stick by me
[Music]
we gonna work
sorry lady
[Music]